Tips-Tricks - retrieving broker configuration when downscale running (#65)
banzaicloud/koperator-docs: docs/tips-tricks.md

When the **headlessServiceEnabled** option is disabled (false), it creates a ClusterIP service. When using a ClusterIP service, your client application doesn’t need to be aware of every Kafka broker endpoint, it simply connects to *kafka-all-broker:29092* which covers dynamically all the available brokers. That way if the Kafka cluster is scaled dynamically, there is no need to reconfigure the client applications.

> ## Retrieving broker configuration during downscale running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Retrieving broker configuration during downscale is running
```

Reviewer 2: This one sounds weird to me, your earlier suggestion would be best I think.

> When a broker is downscaling thus the broker configuration is missing from the kafkaCluster/spec/brokers field, the last broker configuration can be retrieved with the following command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When a broker is downscaling, the broker configuration is missing from the kafkaCluster/spec/brokers field. You can retrieve the last broker configuration with the following command.
```

> When a broker is on downscaling thus the broker configuration is missing from the kafkaCluster/spec/brokers field, the broker last configuration can be retrieved with the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a broker is downscaling thus the broker configuration is missing from the kafkaCluster/spec/brokers field, the last broker configuration can be retrieved with the following command.
```
